A day without sunshine is like night.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
99 percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
Support bacteria. They're the only culture most people have.
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
Change is inevitable, except from vending machines.
How many of you believe in psycho-kinesis? Raise my hand.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
How much deeper would the ocean be without sponges?
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
What happens if you get scared half to death, twice?
Just remember -- if the world didn't suck, we would all fall off.
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Life isn't like a box of chocolates. It's more like a jar of jalapenos. What you do today, might burn your butt tomorrow.
A spouse is someone who'll stand by you through all the trouble you wouldn't have had if you'd stayed single.
If a man is in the forest, talking to himself, with no woman around is he still wrong?
Do you know the difference between genius and stupid? Genius has its limits.
Ham and eggs: a day's work for a chicken, a lifetime commitment for a pig.
Two strands of DNA were walking down the street. One says to the other, \"Do these genes make me look fat?\"
Money can't buy happiness but it keeps the kids in touch!
Just think, in a few million years Barney will be motor oil
They say that married men live longest. It's ironic, since they're the ones most willing to die.
I like your approach? let's see your departure.
Last Christmas I got a new rifle for my wife. Good trade, don't you think?
Two gold fish are in a tank one says to the other \"Do you know how to drive this thing?\"
You know you're over the hill when you are arranging your hair instead of combing it.
You know you're over the hill when your idea of a good workout is standing up.
You know you're over the hill when you start picking your teeth out of the popcorn.
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer.
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
What is the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence? I don't know and I don't care one way or the other.
